unhidehp©Displays a target's health bar. !unhidehp target®distort©Distorts a target's character. !distort target®dogearmy©Gives a player the Doge Army script. !dogearmy target®dummynpc©Spawns a certain amount of Dummy NPCs. !dummynpc target amount®knife©Gives a target the Knife tool. !knife target droppable®size©Changes a target's character size. !size target size®keybind©Gives a target a interactable input button that runs the specified commands. !keybind target inputName(E) holdDuration cooldown {commandsOnStart} {commandsOnEnd(optional)} name(optional)®fogset©Changes the lighting's FogEnd property and color. !fogset distance color/R, G, B®ambient©Changes the lighting's ambient color. !ambient color/R, G, B®fogendandcolor©Changes the lighting's FogEnd property and color. !fogendandcolor distance color/R, G, B®invisible©Turns a target invisible. !invisible target®createteam©Gives a target the Create Team GUI. !createteam target®noecho©Removes echo from all sounds. !noecho ®baldo©Gives a player the Baldo script. !baldo target®revolver©Gives a target the Revolver tool. !revolver target droppable®unblur©Removes a target's screen blur. !unblur target®jump©Makes a target jump. !jump target®playsound©Plays a sound with ID, Volume, Pitch, Distortion and PitchShift !playsound ID target(optional) volume pitch distortionlevel pitchshift looped(yes/no)®spooky©Morphs a target into Spooky. !spooky target®respawntime©Changes the server's respawn time value. !respawntime seconds®rain©Makes it rain. !rain ®fatesword©Gives a target the Sword of Fate tool. !fatesword target droppable®firezombienpc©Spawns a certain amount of Fire Zombie NPCs. !firezombienpc target amount®gravity©Changes the server's gravity. !gravity gravity®team©Sets a target's team to a new one. !team target team®cownpc©Spawns a certain amount of Cow NPCs. !cownpc target amount®tp©Teleports a target to another target. !tp target1 target2®diemart©Gives a player the Die Mart script. !diemart target®eater©Gives a target the Eater tool. !eater target droppable®lookat©Makes a target's character look to a target. !lookat target1 target2®spin©Makes a target's character spin a certain velocity. !spin target velocity®shirt©Changes/Adds a target's current shirt. !shirt target id®impulse©Applies velocity to a target with X, Y, Z axis. !impulse target X Y Z constant(yes/no)®rpg©Gives a target the RPG tool. !rpg target droppable®ungod©Sets a target's health to 100. !ungod target®aa-12©Gives a target the AA-12 tool. !aa-12 target droppable®functions©Gives a target the Functions tool. !functions target droppable®disguise©Turns a target into a random ROBLOX User. !disguise target®health©Changes a target's maximum health. !health target health®removeitem©Deletes a target's item from their inventory. !removeitem target item®mp5©Gives a target the MP5 tool. !mp5 target®mcuser©Gives a player the MightyMinecraftUser script. !mcuser target items(yes/no)®unlock©Unlocks all objects/parts in the map. !unlock ®cop©Gives a player the Cop script. !cop target®baby©Gives a target the Baby tool. !baby target droppable®fix©Removes all visual camera effects from a target's screen. !fix target®m©Displays a message on everyone's screens. !m message®to©Teleports you to a target. !to target®p90©Gives a target the P90 tool. !p90 target droppable®char©Turns a target into a specified ROBLOX User. !char target username®obby©Loads the Obby map. !obby ®kick©Kicks a target with a specified reason. !kick target reason®creeper©Gives a player the Creeper script. !creeper target®raycast©Casts a raycast check from the starting target to the second target, running the specified commands. !raycast target target2 {commands} filterType(include/exclude) {filterTargets}®fastzombienpc©Spawns a certain amount of Fast Zombie NPCs. !fastzombienpc target amount®savedmaps©Gives a target the Saved Maps GUI. !savedmaps target®respawn©Respawns a target. !respawn target keepPosition(yes/no)®penguinarmy©Gives a player the Penguin Army script. !penguinarmy target®draw©Gives the target the Draw script. !draw target®scythe©Gives a target the Scythe tool. !scythe target droppable®oofcop©Gives a player the Oof Cop script. !oofcop target®add©Adds up a certain target's stat. !add target stat value®btools©Gives a target the F3X/Building Tools tool. !btools target droppable®a-60npc©Spawns a certain amount of A-60 NPCs. !a-60npc target amount®explode©Explodes a target. !explode target radius damage visible®addpart©Spawns a modifiable part object. !addpart target color transparency reflectance shape material surfaceType(smooth) anchored collision size(x, y, z) offset(x, y, z) rotation(x, y, z) name®strongzombienpc©Spawns a certain amount of Strong Zombie NPCs. !strongzombienpc target amount®almightycow©Morphs a target into Almighty Cow. !almightycow target®specimen10npc©Spawns a certain amount of Specimen 10 NPCs. !specimen10npc target amount®speed©Changes a target's walk speed to a specified value. !speed target speed®brightness©Changes the lighting's Brightness property. !brightness brightness®jumppower©Changes a target's jump power to a specified value. !jumppower target jumppower®hat©Gives a target's character a ROBLOX Catalog Accessory from a specified ID. !hat target id®hidehp©Permanently hides a target's health bar from displaying. !hidehp target®hidename©Permanently hides a target's name from displaying. !hidename target®bring©Brings a target to you. !bring target®unhidename©Displays a target's name. !unhidename target®countdown©Sets a countdown on everyone's screens. !countdown seconds®mod©Gives a target the mod rank. !mod target®guns©Gives a target all ingame gun tools. !guns target droppable®timer©Sets a countdown on everyone's screens. !timer seconds®god©Sets a target's health to infinite. !god target®fogcolor©Changes the fog's color. !fogcolor color/R, G, B®donate©Donates a certain amount of time to a target. !donate target seconds®item©Gives a target a specified item. !item target item®unforcefield©Removes a target's ForceField. !unforcefield target®watch©Sets a target's camera to another's. !watch target1 target2®freeze©Freezes a target. !freeze target®cancelrepeat©Cancels all currently running repeat strings. !cancelrepeat ®ruinex©Gives a player the RuinEX script. !ruinex target®unspin©Makes a target's character stop spinning. !unspin target®oof©Kills a target. !oof target®talk©Makes a target chat a specified message. !talk target message®fov©Change's a target's field of view. !fov target fov®m16©Gives a target the M16 tool. !m16 target droppable®rzombienpc©Spawns a certain amount of randomized Zombie NPCs. !rzombienpc target amount®gear©Gives a target the specified ROBLOX Catalog Gear ID. !gear target ID droppable®starglitcher©Gives a player the Star Glitcher: Blacklight's Edition script. !starglitcher target®assaultrifle©Gives a target the Assault Rifle tool. !assaultrifle target droppable®textureless©Removes a target's textures. !textureless target®poolrooms©Loads the Poolrooms map. !poolrooms ®robuxrobber©Gives a target the Robux Robber tool. !robuxrobber target droppable®unanchor©Unanchors a target's character. !unanchor target®echo©Makes all sounds echoey. !echo ®penguin©Morphs a target into a Penguin. !penguin target®prefix©Changes your prefix to a new one. !prefix prefix®banland©Gives a target the Banned Users GUI. !banland target®zombie©Gives a player the Zombie script. !zombie target®destroy©Deletes a target's character. !destroy target®a-25©Morphs a target into A-25. !a-25 target®b-25©Morphs a target into B-25. !b-25 target®removestat©Removes a currently available custom stat. !removestat statName®forest©Loads the Forest map. !forest ®goldenminigun©Gives a target the Golden Minigun tool. !goldenminigun target droppable®jail©Jails a target. !jail target®unequipitem©Forces a target to unequip any item they're using. !unequipitem target®kill©Kills a target. !kill target®createstat©Gives a target the Create Stat GUI. !createstat target®logs©Gives a target the Command Logs. !logs target®pathfind©Makes a target's character pathfind to a target or X, Y, Z position. !pathfind target1 target2/X, Y, Z®pants©Changes/Adds a target's current pants. !pants target id®demonicity©Gives a target the Demonicity tool. !demonicity target droppable®sound©Plays a sound with ID, Volume, Pitch, Distortion and PitchShift !sound ID target(optional) volume pitch distortionlevel pitchshift looped(yes/no)®red©Morphs a target into Red. !red target®memer©Gives a player the Memer script. !memer target®unwatch©Sets a target's camera to normal. !unwatch target®bird©Gives a target the Bird tool. !bird target droppable®trip©Trips a target. !trip target®autoassign©Changes a team's auto assignable property. !autoassign team yes/no®savemap©Overwrites a map slot's data with the current map. !savemap slot®duckdoom©Gives a target the Duck Doom tool. !duckdoom target droppable®view©Sets a target's camera to another's. !view target1 target2®tptool©Gives a target the Teleport tool. !tptool target droppable®hour©Changes the lighting's clocktime. !hour hour®a-124©Morphs a target into A-124. !a-124 target®armless©Removes a target's arms if possible. !armless target®mapsize©Changes the map size (Default map only). !mapsize size®laserstaff©Gives a target the Laser Staff of Wrath tool. !laserstaff target droppable®dummyspawner©Gives a target the Spawn Dummy tool. !dummyspawner target droppable®sgrevamp©Gives a player the Star Glitcher: Revamp script. !sgrevamp target®pitchshift©Changes the pitch shift of the currently playing song. !pitchshift octave®removeimpulses©Removes any constant impulse from a target. !removeimpulses target®removeteam©Removes a team from the specified name. !removeteam team®chickenpc©Spawns a certain amount of hostile chicken NPCs. !chickenpc target amount mutationchance(40)®globalmessage©Displays a message on all servers. !globalmessage message®camera©Sets a target's camera to a existing one. !camera target camera®gunswitcher©Gives a target the Gun Switcher tool. !gunswitcher target droppable®announce©Displays a message on everyone's screens. !announce message®give©Gives a target a specified item in your inventory. !give target item®removehats©Removes all accessories from a target's character. !removehats target®unweld©Removes all welds from a target's character. !unweld target®sword©Gives a target the Sword tool. !sword target droppable®nohint©Removes the currently displaying hint. !nohint ®unjail©Unjails a target. !unjail target®mesh©Adds a mesh to a target. !mesh target MeshID TextureID color scale(x, y, z)®createpoll©Gives a target the Create Poll GUI. !createpoll target®particle©Gives a target's character a particle emitter effect. !particle target id rate size size2 color color2 transparency transparency2 speed spread rotation rotspeed lifetime locked(yes/no) direction®highlight©Gives the target's character a highlight effect. !highlight target1 fillColor outlineColor fillTransparency outlineTransparency onTop(yes/no)®offset©Offsets a target by X, Y, Z axis. !offset target X Y Z®a-200©Morphs a target into A-200. !a-200 target®awp©Gives a target the AWP tool. !awp target droppable®hitbox©Casts a hitbox check on a target, running the specified commands. !hitbox target {commands} filterType(include/exclude) {filterTargets}®shadows©Toggles the game's lighting shadows. !shadows on/off®nullzone©Sends a target to the Farlands. !nullzone target®walkto©Makes a target's character walk to a target or X, Y, Z position. !walkto target1 target2/X, Y, Z®title©Gives a target's character a Title including size, color1, color2 and message. !title target size textcolor strokecolor message®burn©Burns a target. !burn target®fling©Flings a target. !fling target®wait©Waits a specified amount of seconds before moving to the next commands. !wait seconds®unpov©Sets a target's camera to normal. !unpov target®popup©Displays a image from the specified Decal ID on a target's screens. !popup target ID fade(in/out) fadetime®uncamera©Sets a target's camera to normal. !uncamera target®unview©Sets a target's camera to normal. !unview target®blur©Makes a target's vision blurry depending intensity. !blur target intensity®music©Plays a song from the specified audio ID. !music ID®removeffects©Removes all effects from a target's character. !removeffects target®removebind©Removes the specified keybind from a target. !removebind target inputName®visible©Turns a target visible. !visible target®ragdoll©Trips a target. !ragdoll target®togglebind©Toggles the specified keybind from a target. !togglebind target inputName enabled/disabled®light©Adds a point light effect to a target's character. !light target range brightness color®zombienpc©Spawns a certain amount of Zombie NPCs. !zombienpc target amount®face©Changes a target's current face. !face target id®teleport©Teleports a target to another target. !teleport target1 target2®sgev©Gives a player the Spectrum Glitcher V7: Edit script. !sgev target®tempban©Temporarily bans a user for a certain amount of days and reason. !tempban target days reason®fftime©Changes the server's ForceField Spawn duration. !fftime seconds®eraseid©Erases a User ID's data. !eraseid id®ff©Gives a target a ForceField. !ff target®pov©Sets a target's camera to another's. !pov target1 target2®a-200npc©Spawns a certain amount of A-200 NPCs. !a-200npc target amount®blocky©Removes all the character meshes from a target's character. !blocky target®sparkles©Gives a target's character a sparkles effect with a certain color. !sparkles target color®clear©Loads the default Grassland map. !clear ®smoke©Gives a target's character a smoke effect with a certain size. !smoke target size opacity velocity color®fire©Gives a target's character a fire effect with a certain size. !fire target size heat color1 color2®mcitem©Spawns a certain amount of a MightyMinecraftUser/MCUser item. !mcitem target amount itemname®private©Sends you and the target into a private server. !private target®anchor©Anchors a target's character. !anchor target®mightyminecraftuser©Morphs a target into MightyMinecraftUser. !mightyminecraftuser target®tshirt©Changes/Adds a target's current t-shirt. !tshirt target id®novisualizer©Disables the music visualizer. !novisualizer ®bkit©Gives a target all building tools ingame. !bkit target droppable®visualizer©Enables the music visualizer. !visualizer ®hint©Permanently displays a message on top of everyone's screens. !hint message®material©Changes a target's character material. !material target material®gunkit©Gives a target all ingame gun tools. !gunkit target droppable®unpopup©Removes the currently displaying image from a target's screen !unpopup target®permchar©Permanently turns a target's character into a ROBLOX User's avatar. !permchar target username®equipitem©Forces a target to equip a certain item from their inventory. !equipitem target item®canceltimers©Cancels all currently displaying countdowns. !canceltimers ®erasemcblocks©Removes all blocks placed by MightyMinecraftUser/MCUser. !erasemcblocks ®ghost©Turns a target transparent. !ghost target transparency®clean©Removes all NPCs, items and useless objects. !clean ®railgun©Gives a target the Railgun tool. !railgun target droppable®cmds©Gives a target the commands list. !cmds target®saveitem©Gives a target the Save Item GUI. !saveitem target®reports©Gives a target the Reports GUI. !reports target®image©Adds images to a target. !image target ID color transparency direction®unfreeze©Unfreezes a target. !unfreeze target®screenshake©Makes a target's screen shake a certain intensity !screenshake target intensity®color©Changes a target's character color. !color target color®unserverban©Removes a target's serverban. !unserverban target®collision©Changes the state of player's collisions. !collision on/off®legless©Removes a target's legs if possible. !legless target®a-60©Morphs a target into A-60. !a-60 target®b-60©Morphs a target into B-60. !b-60 target®cancelcmds©Cancels all currently running commands. !cancelcmds ®ender©Gives a player the Ender script. !ender target®sit©Makes a target sit. !sit target®serverban©Permanently bans a target from the server with a specified reason. !serverban target reason®damage©Damages a target by a certain amount. !damage target damage®fly©Gives a target the Rainbow Magic Carpet tool. !fly target droppable®norain©Removes rain. !norain ®subtract©Subtracts a certain target's stat. !subtract target stat value®heal©Heals a target by a certain amount. !heal target health®a-100©Morphs a target into A-100. !a-100 target®cuffs©Gives a target the Cuffs tool. !cuffs target droppable®rotate©Rotates a target's character by X, Y, Z angles. !rotate target X Y Z®unff©Removes a target's ForceField. !unff target®forcefield©Gives a target a ForceField. !forcefield target®partbuilder©Gives a target the Part Builder tool. !partbuilder target droppable®distortionlevel©Changes the distortion level of the currently playing song. !distortionlevel intensity®pitch©Changes the pitch of the currently playing song. !pitch pitch®volume©Changes the volume of the currently playing song. !volume volume®cancelsounds©Cancels all currently playing sounds. !cancelsounds target(optional)®cancelmusic©Cancels the currently playing song. !cancelmusic ®name©Renames a target to the specified text. !name target name®time©Changes the lighting's clocktime. !time hour®farlands©Sends a target to the Farlands. !farlands target®mcphysics©Enables custom physics on blocks placed by MightyMinecraftUser/MCUser. !mcphysics on/off®help©Shows info about a certain command. !help command®cat©Gives a player the Cat script. !cat target®songs©Gives a target the Songs GUI. !songs target®cmdbar©Gives a target the Command Bar. !cmdbar target®re©Respawns a target. !re target keepPosition(yes/no)®experience©Gives a target the Experience tool. !experience target droppable®boombox©Gives a target the Pixelated Boombox tool. !boombox target droppable®ambientcolor©Changes the lighting's ambient color. !ambientcolor color/R, G, B®unmod©Removes a target's mod rank. !unmod target®feshgun©Gives a target the Fesh Gun tool. !feshgun target droppable®goto©Teleports you to a target. !goto target®weld©Welds two targets together. !weld target target2®regen©Disables/Enables a target's health regen. !regen target on/off®fogend©Changes the lighting's FogEnd property. !fogend distance®musicid©Returns the ID from the currently playing song along with it's name. !musicid ®randomzombienpc©Spawns a certain amount of randomized Zombie NPCs. !randomzombienpc target amount®radio©Gives a target the Pixelated Boombox tool. !radio target droppable®transparent©Turns a target transparent. !transparent target transparency®sign©Gives a target the Sign tool. !sign target droppable®glock18©Gives a target the Glock 18 tool. !glock18 target droppable®changestat©Changes a certain target's stat. !changestat target stat value®
